docs: rename managed to cloud (#6689)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics-cloud/alerting-vmalert-victoria-metrics-cloud.md

---
sort: 5
weight: 5
title: Alerting with vmalert and VictoriaMetrics Cloud
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "cloud"
    weight: 5
aliases:
  - /victoriametrics-cloud/alerting-vmalert-victoria-metrics-cloud.html

>   - /victoriametrics-cloud/alerting-vmalert-victoria-metrics-cloud/

Reviewer: /victoriametrics-cloud/alerting-vmalert-victoria-metrics-cloud/index.html

Reviewer: and please change this in all depended docs

Author: updated for all victoriametrics-cloud folder

  - /managed-victoriametrics/alerting-vmalert-victoria-metrics-cloud.html
  - /managed-victoriametrics/alerting-vmalert-victoria-metrics-cloud/
---

This guide explains the different ways in which you can use vmalert in conjunction with VictoriaMetrics Cloud

![Metrics setup](alerting-vmalert-victoria-metrics-cloud_setup.webp)

## Preconditions 

* [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/) is installed. You can obtain it by building it from [source](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/#quickstart), downloading it from the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/latest), or using the [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/victoriametrics/vmalert) for the container ecosystem (such as docker, k8s, etc.).
* [Alertmanager](https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/latest/alertmanager/) is installed.

> * You have a [single or cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics-cloud/quickstart.html#creating-deployment) deployment in [VictoriaMetrics Cloud](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics-cloud/overview.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You have a [single or cluster](./quickstart.md#creating-deployment) deployment in [VictoriaMetrics Cloud](./overview.md).
```

Author: done

        description: "Job {{ $labels.job }}  instance: {{$labels.instance }} is not up for the last 1 minute"
```

### VictoriaMetrics Cloud access token and deployment endpoint

To use vmalert with VictoriaMetrics Cloud, you must create a read/write token, or use an existing one. The token must have write access to ingest recording rules, ALERTS and ALERTS_FOR_STATE metrics, and read access for rules evaluation.

> For instructions on how to create tokens, please refer to this section of the [documentation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics-cloud/quickstart.html#deployment-access).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to create tokens, please refer to this section of the [documentation](./quickstart.md#deployment-access).
```

Author: done
